CHR:

Before appealing against a case:
- The Player who wants to appeal against a case has to be either the lawyer of the suspect or the suspect himself.
- The target case has to be still active. This means that only cases which have been submitted during the current month can be appealed against in the respective month.
- A judge, which would be any Moderator, should be active.
- Same goes for the reporter or officer who reported the suspect.

§1
The judge has to be an experienced Player who knows the BTL, VCG and CHR.
§2.1
Court hearings must not be arranged. Lawyers/Players and the judge are not allowed to have a discussion related to the case outside of the court.
    §2.2
    Court hearings are only allowed to be attempted by the suspect, his lawyer (if present) and the judge. Interviews can be held after the hearing.
    §2.3
    The judge must be a Player who knows the case and the guidelines.
    §2.4
    The lawyer must be a Player who knows the case and the guidelines.
§3
The case can only be dismissed by decision of the judge.
§4.1
The case can only be dismissed if it's false or not containing enough proof. The judge has to publish the respective paragraph when he is dismissing a case. Please read the paragraphs below.
    §4.2
    False information can dismiss a case.
    §4.3
    Scam can dismiss a case.
    §4.4
    False or missing proof can dismiss a case.
§5
Every case can be appealed against only once. A failed appeal will be marked in the recent violations page.
§6
An already dismissed case cannot be turned in again. The points will be removed forever.
§7
Moderations will be forced to confront Players who misused this system. This will happen if rules from §1 and §2 are being violated.
§8
Additional rules can be created if necessary. This way we can ensure that justice will be served the right way.
§9.1
Suspects can enter the court hearing by themselves or with one lawyer.
    §9.2
    The court room can also be entered by the lawyer without the suspect.
    §9.3
    The reporter or officer can be present during the court hearing and is allowed to speak up.
§10
Violation points can be transferred between Players.