General Roleplaying Rules (RoR):

§1
All Players on the server have to follow the guidelines.
§2
It's not allowed to roleplay more than one role at a time.
§3
Switching between different roles during a short period of time is forbidden.
§4
Roleplaying emergency services should be treated with respect. Those roles require a bigger amount of knowledge about everything compared to other roles.
§5
Emergency services have the right of way on any road and intersection. This requires them to make themselves noticeable. Either with special lights or horns.
§6
Emergency services have the right to stop other Players from driving.
§7
Public transportations are allowed to park on the roadside, if they're not obstructing the traffic flow.
§8
Truck Drivers have the right to use any public parking lot to load/unload.
§9
Emergency services are allowed to park on the road if required.
§10
Some roles require Players to announce the start of a shift. In this case, Players are allowed to roleplay only after using a special command.
§11.1
The points system can be used to report traffic violations via the form on this website.
    §11.2
    All traffic violation reports have to be checked by Moderators.
    §11.3
    Police officers have to keep the proof images or videos until the end of the month. This way they can defend themselves, if the suspect tries to proof that he did nothing wrong.
    §11.4
    Points will be set to zero at the end of the month.
    §11.5
    Points will be set to zero when a Player finished his sentence, which is a 24 hour ban.
    §11.6
    An amount of ten points will get Players banned.
    §11.7
    All approved reports have to be documented on the "recent violations" page until the end of the month.
    §11.8.1
    Police officers are allowed to ignore §12 of the BTL, if they are using a camera trailer or unmarked police car. Players can either use the Ford or the Gavril.
        §11.8.2
        Both are allowed to be used for fining speeding Players. But Players have to pass the trailer/car of the officer.
        §11.8.3
        They can also be used for patrolling or other cases than speeding. But note that judges might dismiss your report.
    §11.9
    Moderators do have to check all reports made by civilians (even by Moderators). Only police reports by Moderators can be ignored. In other words: Police reports by Moderators don't have to be checked, but civilian reports made by Moderators have to be checked by another Moderator.
§12
These rules can be changed by Moderators at all times.
§13
Proof images for violation reports have to clearly show the crime/infraction.
§14
The police car or trailer has to be in the proof image for speeding violations (the speed of the suspect and his vehicle should be visible as well). This will prevent officers from catching speeders who are 3 miles away from them.
§15
Similar goes for other crimes (see §14 for context).